= Cacheify

Easy caching of methods calls.

Cacheify uses ActiveSupport::Cache::Store to do caching so, depending on
what you choose, it may cache to memory, disk, memcache or whatever is 
supported by the cache store.

== Installation

  sudo gem install cacheify

== Usage

Mixin the Cacheify module, use the +cacheify+ method.
  
  require 'cacheify'
  
  class Foo
    def bar
    end

    include Cacheify
    cacheify :bar, :expires_in => 1.hour
  end

And you're +foo+ instance calls to +bar+ will get cached.

  Foo.new.bar # will hit cache if cached, or get cached otherwise

Caveat: You have to call +cacheify+ *after* defining +bar+.

To enable cacheify on the existing class just +extend+:

  Thing.extend Cacheify
  Thing.caches :very_expensive_operation

To cache a method on a specific object:
  
  boo = Thing.new
  boo.extend Cacheify
  boo.caches :very_expensive_operation

And only that instance of +Thing+ will have its +very_expensive_operation+ cached.

If you use Cacheify <b>a lot</b>, you may do:

  Object.extend Cacheify

But that's just evil.

=== Choosing your Cache store

To setup what cache store Cacheify is using:

  Cacheify.cache_store = :file_store, "tmp/cacheify"

The arguments are the same as in ActiveSupport::Cache#lookup_store[http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Cache.html#M001011]

== More info

* ActiveSupport::Cache[http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Cache.html] is what's used for caching
* Why cacheify? {Introductory blog post}[http://blog.hakeraj.com/easy-caching-of-methods-with-cacheify].

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Sasa Brankovic. See LICENSE for details.
